Presentation with 6 slides:

Slide 1:
Optimizing In-Store Layout for Bakery Sales Growth

Slide 2:
Introduction With the rise in food service sales, there is an opportunity for Lee's Market to review and enhance our in-store layout. This presentation will outline our strategy to optimize product displays and increase bakery sales significantly.

Slide 3:
Current Performance of Bakery Department Analysis shows a potential rise in labor hours by approximately 45 hours weekly per U.S. store due to the proposed bakery layout optimization. The increase in labor hours is tied to the addition of new display cases and prep counters, necessitating more frequent restocking and cleaning. The adjustment in bakery layout is projected to be fully implemented by the end of Q1 2026. Operational feasibility and cost control are key considerations, to ensure the sales gains are not negated by increased staffing costs. It's essential to quantify labor shifts to effectively manage the expected increase in workload. The increased labor hours are an important factor in our strategy to increase bakery sales by 15% by the end of Q1 2026. Further analysis is required to determine the optimal staffing model to handle the increased workload without compromising service quality.

Slide 4:
Understanding Customer Purchase Behaviour Our loyalty program data indicates that 65% of customers who buy bakery items also purchase coffee Peak times for bakery purchases are in the early morning and late afternoon About 30% of our customers show a preference for organic bakery items Customers typically spend 10-15 minutes in the bakery area Repeat customers make up nearly 70% of our bakery sales

Slide 5:
Proposed In-Store Layout and Product Display Adjustments We propose to move the bakery closer to the entrance to draw customers in Displaying bakery items near the coffee section could increase impulse buys We could test out a ‘Bakery of the Week’ display to highlight different products Adjusting the lighting in the bakery area could make the products more appealing We propose to increase signage and visibility of bakery items throughout the store

Slide 6:
Conclusion With the proposed layout and display adjustments, we anticipate a 15% increase in bakery sales by the end of Q1 2026. Let's collaborate on implementing these changes and tracking their impact on our sales performance.